PREFACE Over the past two decades, the field of Machine Learning has become one of the mainstays of information technology. Many successful machine learning applications have been developed, such as: machine vision (image processing) in the manufacturing industry for automation in assembly line, biometric recognition, handwriting recognition, medical diagnosis, speech recognition, text retrieval, natural language processing, and so on. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it several times a day, without knowing it. Examples of such “ubiquitous” or “invisible” usage include search engines, customer-adaptive web services, email managers (spam filters), computer network security, and so on. We are rethinking on everything we have been doing, with the aim of doing it differently using tools of machine learning for better success. 
PREFACE
Over the past two decades, the field of Machine Learning has become one of the mainstays of information technology. Many successful machine learning applications have been developed, such as: machine vision (image processing) in the manufacturing industry for automation in assembly line, biometric recognition, handwriting recognition, medical diagnosis, speech recognition, text retrieval, natural language processing, and so on. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it several times a day, without knowing it. Examples of such “ubiquitous” or “invisible” usage include search engines, customer-adaptive web services, email managers (spam filters), computer network security, and so on. We are rethinking on everything we have been doing, with the aim of doing it differently using tools of machine learning for better success.
Many organizations are routinely capturing huge volumes of historical data describing their operations, products, and customers. At the same time, scientists and engineers are capturing increasingly complex datasets. For example, banks are collecting huge volumes of customer data to analyze how people spend their money; hospitals are recording what treatments patients are on, for which periods (and how they respond to them); engine monitoring systems in cars are recording information about the engine in order to detect when it might fail; world’s observatories are storing incredibly high-resolution images of night sky; medical science is storing the outcomes of medical tests from measurements as diverse as Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans and simple blood tests; bioinformatics is storing massive amounts of data with the ability to measure gene expression in DNA microarrays, and so on. The field of machine learning addresses the question of how best to use this historical data to discover general patterns and improve the process of making decisions.
Terminology in the field of learning is exceptionally diverse, and very often similar concepts are variously named. In this book, the term machine learning has been mostly used to describe various concepts, though the terms: artificial intelligence, machine intelligence, pattern recognition, statistical learning, data mining, soft computing, data analytics (when applied in business contexts), also appear at various places.
There have been important advances in the theory and algorithms that form the foundations of machine learning field. The goal of this text book is to present basic concepts of the theory, and a wide range of techniques (algorithms) that can be applied to a variety of problems. There are many machine learning algorithms not included in this book, that can be quite effective in specific situations. However, almost all of them are some adaptation of the algorithms included in this book. Self-learning will easily help to acquire the required knowledge.
Basically, there are two approaches for understanding machine learning field. In one approach, we treat machine learning techniques as a ‘black box’, and focus on understanding the problems (tasks) of interest: matching these tasks to machine learning tools and assessing the quality of the output. This gives us hands-on experience with machine learning from practical case studies. Subsequently, we delve into the components of this black box by examining machine learning algorithms (a theoretical principle-driven exposition is necessary to be effective in machine learning). The second approach starts with the theory; this is then followed by hands-on experience.
The approach into the field of machine learning taken in this book has been the second one. We have focussed on machine learning theory. For hands-on experience, we propose to provide a platform through self-study machine learning projects.
In this book on “Applied Machine Learning”, the reader will get not only the theoretical underpinnings of learning, but also gain the practical know-how needed to quickly and powerfully apply these techniques to challenging problems: learning how to conceptualize a prob
 显示全部信息