　　PREFACE 　　This book is now in its fifth edition. Each edition hascorresponded to a different phase in the way computer networks wereused. When the first edition appearedin 1980, networks were anacademic curiosity. When the second edition appeared in 1988,networks were used by universities and large businesses. When thethird edition appeared in 1996, computer networks, especially theInternet, had become a daily reality for millions of people. By thefourth edition, in 2003, wireless networks and mobile computers hadbecome commonplace for accessing the Web and the Internet. Now, inthe fifth edition, networks are about contentdistribution(especially videos using CDNs and peer-to-peernetworks) and mobile phones are small computers on theInternet. 　　Among the many changes in this book, the most important one isthe addition f Prof. David J. Wetheall as a co-author. David bringsa rich background in networking,having cut his teeth designingmetropolitan-area networks more than 20years ago. He has workedwith the Internet and wireless networks ever since and is aprofessor at the University of Washington, where he has beenteaching and doing research on computer networks and related topicsfor the past decade. 
　　PREFACE
　　This book is now in its fifth edition. Each edition hascorresponded to a different phase in the way computer networks wereused. When the first edition appearedin 1980, networks were anacademic curiosity. When the second edition appeared in 1988,networks were used by universities and large businesses. When thethird edition appeared in 1996, computer networks, especially theInternet, had become a daily reality for millions of people. By thefourth edition, in 2003, wireless networks and mobile computers hadbecome commonplace for accessing the Web and the Internet. Now, inthe fifth edition, networks are about contentdistribution(especially videos using CDNs and peer-to-peernetworks) and mobile phones are small computers on theInternet.
　　Among the many changes in this book, the most important one isthe addition f Prof. David J. Wetheall as a co-author. David bringsa rich background in networking,having cut his teeth designingmetropolitan-area networks more than 20years ago. He has workedwith the Internet and wireless networks ever since and is aprofessor at the University of Washington, where he has beenteaching and doing research on computer networks and related topicsfor the past decade.
　　Of course, the book also has many changes to keep up with the:ever-changing world of computer networks. Among these are revisedand new material on Wireless networks (802.12 and 802.16)
　　The 3G networks used by smart phones
　　RFID and sensor networks
　　Content distribution using CDNs
　　Peer-to-peer networks
　　Real-time media (from stored, streaming, and live sources)
　　Internet telephony (voice over IP)
　　Delay-tolerant networks
　　A more detailed chapter-by-chapter list follows.
　　Chapter 1 has the same introductory function as in the fourthedition, but the contents have been revised and brought up to date.The Internet, mobile phone networks, 802.11, and RFID and sensornetworks are discussed as examples of computer networks. Materialon the original Ethernet—with its vampire taps—has been removed,along with the material on ATM.
　　Chapter 2, which covers the physical layer, has expanded coverageof digital modulation (including OFDM as widely used in wirelessnetworks) and 3G networks (based on CDMA). New technologies arediscussed, including Fiber to the Home and power-linenetworking.
　　Chapter 3, on point-to-point links, has been improved in twoways. The material on codes for error detection and correction hasbeen updated, and also includes a brief description of the moderncodes that are important in practice (e.g., convolutional and LDPCcodes). The examples of protocols now use Packet over SONET andADSL. Sadly, the material on protocol verification has been removedas it is little used.
　　In Chapter 4, on the MAC sublayer, the principles are timelessbut the technologies have changed. Sections on the example networkshave been redone accordingly, including gigabit Ethernet, 802.11,802.16, Bluetooth, and RFID.
　　Also updated is the coverage of LAN switching, includingVLANs.
　　Chapter 5, on the network layer, covers the same ground as in thefourth edition.
 显示全部信息