Preface Since the seventh edition of this book waspublished, the field has seen continued innovations and improvements. In thisnew edition, I try to capture these changes while maintaining a broad andcomprehensive coverage of the entire field. To begin the process of revision,the seventh edition of this book was extensively reviewed by a number ofprofessors who teach the subject and by professionals working in the field. Theresult is that, in many places, the narrative has been clarified and tightened,and illustrations have been improved. Beyond these refinements to improvepedagogy and user friendliness, the technical content of the book has beenupdated throughout, to reflect the ongoing changes in this exciting field, andthe instructor and student support has been expanded. The most noteworthychanges are as follows: ? Windows 8: Windows 8 is Microsoft’slatest OS offering for PCs, workstations, and servers, which includes a numberof changes to the internal architecture. 
Preface

Since the seventh edition of this book was
published, the field has seen continued innovations and improvements. In this
new edition, I try to capture these changes while maintaining a broad and
comprehensive coverage of the entire field. To begin the process of revision,
the seventh edition of this book was extensively reviewed by a number of
professors who teach the subject and by professionals working in the field. The
result is that, in many places, the narrative has been clarified and tightened,
and illustrations have been improved.

Beyond these refinements to improve
pedagogy and user friendliness, the technical content of the book has been
updated throughout, to reflect the ongoing changes in this exciting field, and
the instructor and student support has been expanded. The most noteworthy
changes are as follows:

? Windows 8: Windows 8 is Microsoft’s
latest OS offering for PCs, workstations, and servers, which includes a number
of changes to the internal architecture.

The new edition provides details on Windows
8 internals in all of the key technology areas covered in this book, including
process/thread management, scheduling, memory management, security, file
systems, and I/O.

? Android operating system: Android is the
fastest growing mobile platform. The real-world constraints and operating
environment of mobile devices are quite different from traditional desktop or
server computers. It is important for students to learn this new environment.

? Embedded Linux: The use of a minimal
version of Linux for embedded systems has grown in popularity. This new edition
provides an overview of the key elements of the embedded Linux approach.

? Virtual machines: Server virtualization
and other forms of virtual machines are becoming increasingly widespread. A new
chapter deals with the operating system design issues for virtual machines.

? Multicore design issues: The dominant
computer architecture is now multicore. This raises new OS design issues that
are addressed in this new edition.

? I/O standards: The book has been updated
to reflect the latest developments, including Thunderbolt.

? Storage hardware: The discussion of
storage hardware has been updated and now includes discussion of solid-state
drives.

? Fault tolerance: The ACM/IEEE Computer
Science Curricula 2013 lists fault tolerance as one of the core topics for an
OS course. A new section provides an overview of fault tolerance. Objectives

This book is about the concepts, structure,
and mechanisms of operating systems. Its purpose is to present, as clearly and
completely as possible, the nature and characteristics of modern-day operating
systems.

This task is challenging for several
reasons. First, there is a tremendous range and variety of computer systems for
which operating systems are designed. These include embedded systems, smart
phones, single-user workstations and personal computers, medium-sized shared
systems, large mainframe and supercomputers, and specialized machines such as
real-time systems. The variety is not just in the capacity and speed of
machines, but in applications and system support requirements.

Second, the rapid pace of change that has
always characterized computer systems continues with no letup. A number of key
areas in operating system design are of recent origin, and research into these
and other new areas continues.

In spite of this variety and pace of
change, certain fundamental concepts apply consistently throughout. To be sure,
the application of these concepts depends on the current state of technology
and the particular application requirements. The intent of this book is to
provide a thorough discussion of the fundamentals of operating system design
and to relate these to contemporary design issues and to current directions in
the development of operating systems. Example Systems

This text is intended to acquaint the
reader with the design principles and implementation issues of contemporary
operating systems. Accordingly, a purely conceptual or theoretical treatment
would be inadequate. To illustrate the concepts and
 显示全部信息